README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
 
  <h3><b>Portfolio: setup and mobile first</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

**[Portfolio-setup-and-mobile-first]** is a project to build up a portifolio, mobile view

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

1. HTML
2. CSS
3. LINTERS

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">html</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">css</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

Added html.index file
added style.css
added linters.yml

- **[html.index]**
- **[style.css]**
- **[linters.yml]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

1. cloning the repo
2. Install (Install project dependencies)
3. and Usage (Open with live server).

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- web browser (google chrome)
- code editor
- git

### Setup

<!--
  cd my-folder
  git clone https://github.com/akinmolaomotlani/Portfolio-setup-and-mobile-first/pull/1
--->

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

open index.html using server extension

<!--
Example command:
### Install

Install this project with the github link

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

👤 ** Omotolani Akinmola **

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/akinmolaomotlani)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/AgbayemiAkinmola)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

- [ ] Add header
- [ ] Add footer
- [ ] Add more styling

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

> Write a message to encourage readers to support your project

If you like this project, please give me a star

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

> Give credit to everyone who inspired your codebase.

I would like to thank Microverse for the opportunity and my code partner, Jalloh

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->

- **[Question_1]**

  - [Answer_1]

- **[Question_2]**

  - [Answer_2]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
<a name="readme-top"></a>

Commit message:

modified the readme file and also made correction on the reviews

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">
 
  <h3><b>Portfolio: setup and mobile first</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

**[Portfolio-setup-and-mobile-first]** is a project to build up a portifolio, mobile view

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

1. HTML
2. CSS
3. LINTERS

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">html</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">css</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

Added html.index file
added style.css
added linters.yml

- **[html.index]**
- **[style.css]**
- **[linters.yml]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

1. cloning the repo (https://github.com/akinmolaomotlani/ Portfolio-setup-and-mobile-first)
2. Install (Install project dependencies on a created folder to access the mobile-setup file on the repo)
3. and Usage (Open with live server on the vs-code).

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- web browser (google chrome)
- code editor
- git

### Setup

<!--
  cd my-folder
  git clone https://github.com/akinmolaomotlani/Portfolio-setup-and-mobile-first/pull/1
--->

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

open index.html using server extension

<!--
Example command:
### Install

Install this project with the github link

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

👤 ** Omotolani Akinmola **

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/akinmolaomotlani)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/AgbayemiAkinmola)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

- [ ] Add header
- [ ] Add footer
- [ ] Add more styling

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

> Write a message to encourage readers to support your project

If you like this project, please give me a star

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

> Give credit to everyone who inspired your codebase.

I would like to thank Microverse for the opportunity and my code partner, Jalloh

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->

- **[Question_1]**

  - [Answer_1]

- **[Question_2]**

  - [Answer_2]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
<a name="readme-top"></a>
